[Music]
all right welcome everyone through this
week cycle the weekly call
it's September 23rd 2019 and today we do
the weeding without video to save some
bandwidth alright let's get started
[Music]
the notes are I post a minute in a
channel but they are the same places
every week and yeah I start with myself
I only have a quick update I'm still
working on getting the decks Ybor stuff
work and rust and I mostly spent time on
getting a Chile tags working on the
Seabourn library there was an initial
patch from free dough but I think I
found a better way or at least I'm it's
similar to what message Peggy's doing so
I try this and hopefully convince the
upstream author to get merged we'll see
how this goes and it's basically so next
on my list is rod do you have any
updates
I do nothing significant so mainly work
on what are they called that we're doing
schemers so we got the we got the
advanced team odeon and Michael's even
started consuming that on the JavaScript
side so that's in the specs and it's in
the JavaScript partha Michael is now
using it for his UNIX fSV to work he's
he's giving scheme as it could it would
work out learning some things about the
syntax and that's really good
I have proposals up for whatever good
it's early here I'm not fully ready for
this meeting but I haven't proposed a
lot for the the copy type aka aliases
and then the other one was in to
representation for enums our bike prefix
still isn't quite approved emerged yet
so those are the three that aren't three
that I'm going to get done they were all
they were all informed by file coin the
idea was to get those in all come up
with a way to change file coins mine and
a collective mind ladies and then we
should be out of path their specs with
some adjustments this scheme is aside
from that I've been gearing up a little
bit so far to towards some file calling
work some temporary little [ __ ] thing
but aside from that yeah I don't have
much else to report
all right cool and I also forget to add
that I will also be working a bit on
five coins so I will be basically
working two days a week on solid coin
so my progress won't be as fast as usual
I'm just to get there this information
out and also a next so what I also plan
next is to work a bit on the ending
examples through the IP LD selectors
because there was today in the ipfs
meeting in the weekly call and there was
someone presenting and he said yeah he
basically used that instead of ipfs
because he needed some kind of like
selectors thing for I Kali and I was
putting him through the spec and I found
out that he had a specter of an example
so it's pretty pretty hard to read and
if you don't know them at about schema
so I will and Eragon he started working
on examples so I would just yeah take
his work and finish it up and clean it
up and yep get into the specs we go so
eric is coming and going because his
wife is not good I encourage not here so
I guess
you should just put his notes into the
[ __ ] head and that's it
for his status rod is there anything
else you want to talk about between you
need now it's been a pretty quiet week
in comparison so no yeah cool and then I
close this meeting and see everyone
again and next week goodbye
alright